[Music]
very good family how are you I hope you are
enjoying the day my
dearest lovers of the heart
please remind you all that if you
like my videos and are interested in the
daily news do not forget to hit the
subscribe button activating the bell on this
occasion to make comments it
seems that the athlete from survivors
julen would have rejected or would not be very
clear about his relationship with anabel pantoja for
now I do not see myself in cantora would be the
words that this man has said I
think that anabel pantoja is going to end up
at any moment abandoning
the contest as she always does because
the last way the last shot that she had
left was to try the folder with
julen there are many people who confirm that
anabel would be feeling much more
than friendship for this athlete and that
julen would be the one who is I am
not going to say the word depreciating
but rejecting her a little yes it is
true that the boy has recognized in
a meeting that he is feeling things that he has
not felt outside with other people
with anabel and that they have also felt
upset  both having been separated on
different islands, I don't know what
you all think about this romance. I think that
outside of it, well, it doesn't have much of a run for
it. I think this is a little
reality show file that
both of them would know about and would be completely aware of the
interest it could generate outside. The thing is that I
really don't dislike Anabel. I
find her funny, amusing and whatever you
want, but she's not up to scratch on reality shows. I
'll be watching you families, I want
your opinion and I'll see you in the
next video.
[Music]